SMTChecker: Fix encoding of arguments of cryptographic functions (#15749)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

 * General: Fix internal compiler error when requesting IR AST outputs for interfaces and abstract contracts.
 * SMTChecker: Fix SMT logic error when initializing a fixed-sized-bytes array using string literals.
 * SMTChecker: Fix SMT logic error when translating invariants involving array store and select operations.

>  * SMTChecker: Fix wrong encoding of string literals as arguments of cryptographic functions.

Reviewer: I think only `ecrecover()` was actually affected.

```suggestion
 * SMTChecker: Fix wrong encoding of string literals as arguments of ``ecrecover()`` precompile.
```

Looking at `symbolicTypeConversion()`, string literal to fixed bytes conversion and conversions to UDVTs are the only cases where specifying the target type changes anything.

Author: You are right, I update the changelog entry.
